in parallel
what a pleasure to see you, boy, I liked it
what a pleasure
really the emotion that I have of being
with you what emotion is something very
Groso expected it at the time of seeing it
but now that I feel very happy
we are just the morning
and we said how strange that paranoia of
Friday and is not good
not to mention never fails so
it said pretty
bring to your presence today civilian no
we have the presence with diver antiflama
so
we descended nomadic team
Yes, surely yes and mauro
that is, we do not know why
and for wood
and excited
from the heart
we see how to enjoy being here who is
your passion this and good is nice to be able
share this automotive passion
together for me that margarito one thing
that I followed you all over the
Argentina and good republic knows that I
I am a person of good neither to speak neither
speak the truth that we know of
effort you make to reach the
places he wants goes so
Of course we are always
open to receive you to share
with you of week from the difference
who have had with me
and good greetings to go to mauro
mauro
since we have
but measure excerpt from the previous
we squeeze / old
a kiss to each of those who pride
how I really love them and good for
that everything is going very well I am very
excited
a lot of emotion but when advertising
who said do a favor
that for me it would be the greatest pride
that you like in the 3 kos before
on the stick
but excited
saying us
and promoters born grass
in my page
Mr.
everyone
for all the people of northern San Jerónimo
and of course for the popular hand that
God bless you all